Update build instructions in tools (#1325)
pysal/pysal: tools/README.md

## Dependencies

- [personal github token](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line
): store it in the file `token`

## Instructions

### Updating package information
- If any new packages have been added to the ecosystem update the `packages` list in `release.yaml` 
- Update relevant data on `start_date` (day after last release), `release_date` (day
  of this release), `version`, and `user` in `release.yaml`

### Notebooks to run in sequence

> - frozen.ipynb creates `frozen.txt` in this dir that can be hand edited if needed before integrating those versions into to `pysal/requirements.txt`. It also generates `pysal/pysal/frozen.py` which defines the package versions going into this release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- frozen.ipynb creates `frozen.txt` in this dir that can be hand edited if needed before integrating those versions into to `pysal/pyproject.toml`. It also generates `pysal/pysal/frozen.py` which defines the package versions going into this release
```
